Let’s take a quick look at the TSM 32702
5-shelf stainless steel food dehydrator.
The TSM 32702 food dehydrator is a medium
capacity food dehydrator with a stainless
steel housing and stainless steel shelves.
It’s a shelf-type unit with a detachable
louvered door, and shelves that slide into
the unit from the front.
The TSM has a rear-mounted fan that blows
heated air horizontally across the trays from
the back to the front.
This design promotes even airflow across all
trays so that they don’t need to be rotated
during drying.
Each tray measures 16.25 x 14.5 inches and
provides 1.6 sq. ft. of drying area.
The TSM 32702 ships with 5 trays and provides
8 sq. ft. of base drying area.
The stainless steel trays have 3/8” holes
and sit on special freestanding brackets,
which can also removed from the machine for
easy cleaning.
The TSM 32702 has a fan and a heating element
that provide 800 watts of drying power.
Controls are mounted on the top rear of the
machine.
The TSM has an adjustable thermostat with
a range of 90 to 165 degrees F, a 12-hour
shut down timer, and a dedicated power switch.
The door and housing of the TSM 32702 are
22 gauge, food grade stainless steel.
Printed next to the temperature control knob
is a guide that shows recommended drying times
and temperature settings for a variety of
foods.
The TSM is made in the United States.
With 5 trays, the TSM 32702 dehydrator is
16.5” wide, 18.75” deep, and 9” tall.
It weights 32 lbs.